# Structure

## src

This folder contains the crossplatform library that applications will depend on.
It is split into 3 parts: common, jvm (desktop), js (web browsers).

The common folder contains code that is common between all of the platforms, and
the APIs that are expected to be implemented by the jvm and javascript modules.

The js folder has all of the code that is used on Web browsers. This includes code to set
up a canvas, load images, and bindings to the gl-matrix library.

The jvm folder has the code that maps Kgpu types with the wgpuj module (see below). It also
contains code to create windows (via GLFW), load images (via Java AWT), and a wrapper around the JOML math library.

## examples

This contains the example code for Kgpu. Like the core library, it is split into three parts: common, js, and jvm.
The js and jvm modules are responible for setting up the basic application, and selecting which example to run.

The common folder contains all of the core code examples, and the resources used (images, shaders)

## wgpuj

This module is written in Java and has the FFI code between the JVM and wgpu. It uses the jnr-ffi library,
which creates JNI bindings at runtime. Most of the code in this module is generated by jnr-gen

## wgpuj/jnrgen

jnr-gen is a tool that generates jnr enum and struct classes from the wgpu.h header. For more info see
[this page](jnrgen.md) all about jnr-gen.

## wgpuj/wgpu-test

This is a small crate which contains unit tests for the wgpuj library